The wise man's eyes are in his head; but the fool walketh in darkness: and I myself perceived also that one event happeneth to them all.
Every year is going to be a different one from now on.
we understood that systematics can sometimes have dramatic effect on sensitivity.
If there is not going to be an engineering run, we'll skip it.
because skiing is what we really want.
We have to be nimble now.
We are in the end game now and somehow we have to keep the schedule.
This is it! We got to do what got to get done.
Is it really already time to go back to the office.
I am really a control freak and it has to be like that.
Our management only cares about the event display.
It is important to come with hard numbers and soft questions.
The pleasure of working on an inner detector is that once it is closed up if there is a problem you deal with it.
There are no dead horses, not until I see a sausage or a steak.
Maybe, the Monte Carlo anticipated those changes.
Today nobody wants to get married except for the gays and me.
Everyone is buying baseball bats in Russia, but nobody is buying baseballs. .
Never go back to a place where you once were happy. .
Why do you expect different generators to give different distributions for this process.
because they are different generators.
yes.
but why do you expect them to do be different.
because they are different generators.
but what in the implementation.
they are different generators.
You can't just demand your piece of the pie, without proving your part. It doesn't work like that.
No, you will go there, and you will eat the pie.
We will go there, and we will have our pie, and fuck what they have to say.
tension is growing, and eventually it will settle. We are just going through a bloody part.
We need to get our thing, and then we will be cool, nice, and love each other, but at the moment I don't see that happening.
If God says to them, it is a muon, they say, ok yes, it is a muon. They are not thinking, they have no clue, no fucking clue. Fuck MINIAOD. Fuck them. I wish the worst for them.
Sid, you ever sleep?.
It's only 11:45 here.
Ah, all Frenchies come out at 12, I guess.
Hi Sid, you are still awake?.
Yeah, it's only 7 pm.
Maybe there was a flipped bit.
No no, that is really science fiction.
You can put a refrigerator in your car but it doesn't mean it will keep things cold.
I would like to stay updated without having to attend the meetings.
I cannot understand what you are saying. You are saying words but I have no idea what they mean.
I don't know who does what and what does which.
this is expert only area.
and I think it would be great if you get some exposure here.
so that I have someone to talk about this shit next time when I need to do it.
Premixing infiltrates into the Sites, first they waver and wobble and at some point only rubble and ashes remain.
Fuck it. I won't do it.
No no, You can't say that, you are a woman.
I'm afraid that the approval will be derailed.
It will be okay, we just need someone with a lot of weight there, like Dima.
And I don't mean physical weight, but influence.
Don't worry, it helps as well.
If someone serves you a bad pizza, you can complain to the restaurant. But there is no such thing here.
